README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Winzer Prince

<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?lines=Fullstack+Developer+in+Training;Linux+Enthusiast;Ricing+in+Arch;Always+Learning+Something+New;Building+Cool+Stuff+Daily&font=Fira%20Code&center=true&width=380&height=50&duration=4000&pause=1000" alt="Typing SVG" />

[![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=winzerprince&label=Profile%20Views&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/winzerprince)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/winzerprince?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/winzerprince?tab=followers)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/winzerprince?label=Stars&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/winzerprince?tab=repositories)

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

```typescript
const winzer = {
    name: "Winzer Prince",
    role: "Aspiring Fullstack Developer",
    location: "Learning Universe 🌌",
    passions: ["Coding", "Mathematics", "Linux Ricing", "Guitar 🎸"],
    currentFocus: "Mastering fullstack development through real-world projects",
    philosophy: "Build, Break, Learn, Repeat 🔄",
    currentlyLearning: ["Java", "Python", "Bash Scripting"],
    recentMasteries: ["React", "Node.js", "Express", "Linux Workflows"]
};
```

<div align="center">

### 🎯 *"Turning ideas into reality, one commit at a time"*

</div>

---

## 🛠️ Tech Arsenal

<div align="center">

### 🎨 Frontend Mastery
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

### ⚙️ Backend & Database
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)

### 📱 Mobile & Cross-Platform
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white)

### 🔧 Currently Expanding
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

### 🐧 Linux Distros I use
![Arch Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arch%20Linux-1793D1?style=for-the-badge&logo=arch-linux&logoColor=white)
![Kali Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali%20Linux-557C94?style=for-the-badge&logo=kali-linux&logoColor=white)
![BlackArch](https://img.shields.io/badge/BlackArch-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=arch-linux&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ Favorite Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/Neovim-57A143?style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white)
![Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terminal-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnome-terminal&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📊 GitHub Analytics

<div align="center">

<img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=winzerprince&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
<img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=winzerprince&layout=compact&langs_count=8&theme=tokyonight"/>

</div>

<div align="center">

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=winzerprince&theme=tokyonight)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

</div>

---

## 🎯 Learning Journey

<div align="center">

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[🌱 Beginner] --> B[⚛️ React Mastery]
    B --> C[🚀 Node.js & Express]
    C --> D[🔥 Current: Java & Python]
    D --> E[🎯 Future: Advanced Backend with Security and ML]
    E --> F[🏆 Fullstack Dev]
    
    style A fill:#ff6b6b
    style B fill:#4ecdc4
    style C fill:#8034d1
    style D fill:#f9ca24
    style E fill:#f0932b
    style F fill:#eb4d4b
```

</div>

### 🚀 Current Learning Goals

- **Java** - Building robust enterprise applications
- **Python** - Data manipulation and automation scripts
- **Bash Scripting** - Linux automation and system administration
- **Advanced React Patterns** - State management and performance optimization
- **System Design** - Scalable architecture principles

---

## 🎸 Beyond Code

<div align="center">

| 🎵 Music & Guitar | 🧮 Mathematics | 🐧 Linux Ricing | 👥 Community |
|-------------------|----------------|------------------|---------------|
| Strumming melodies | Solving equations | Crafting beautiful desktops | Building connections |
| Finding rhythm in chaos | Logic and patterns | [My Dotfiles](https://github.com/winzerprince/dotfiles) | Learning together |

</div>

---

## 📈 Activity Graph

<div align="center">

[![Winzer's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=winzerprince&theme=tokyo-night)](https://github.com/winzerprince)

</div>

---

## 🏆 Achievements

<div align="center">

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=winzerprince&theme=tokyonight&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

</div>

---

## 🎯 Featured Projects

<div align="center">

[![Dotfiles](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=winzerprince&repo=dotfiles&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/winzerprince/dotfiles)
[![WriteApp](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=winzerprince&repo=dotfiles&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/winzerprince/writeapp)
*More awesome projects coming soon!* 🚀

</div>

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect

<div align="center">

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/winzerprince)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/winzerprince)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:your.email@example.com)

### 💬 *"Always open to interesting conversations and collaboration opportunities!"*

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 🌟 Thanks for visiting! Don't forget to ⭐ some repos if you find them interesting!

![Made with ❤️](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-❤️-green?style=for-the-badge)
![Powered by ☕](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powered%20by-☕-white?style=for-the-badge)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trilokia/Trilokia/379277808c61ef204768a61bbc5d25bc7798ccf1/bottom_header.svg" />

</div>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated learning goals and contact
Removed the Learning Journey section and updated Python goals. Adjusted Linux description and changed email contact.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Winzer Prince

<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?lines=Fullstack+Developer+in+Training;Linux+Enthusiast;Ricing+in+Arch;Always+Learning+Something+New;Building+Cool+Stuff+Daily&font=Fira%20Code&center=true&width=380&height=50&duration=4000&pause=1000" alt="Typing SVG" />

[![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=winzerprince&label=Profile%20Views&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/winzerprince)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/winzerprince?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/winzerprince?tab=followers)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/winzerprince?label=Stars&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/winzerprince?tab=repositories)

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

```typescript
const winzer = {
    name: "Winzer Prince",
    role: "Aspiring Fullstack Developer",
    location: "Learning Universe 🌌",
    passions: ["Coding", "Mathematics", "Linux Ricing", "Guitar 🎸"],
    currentFocus: "Mastering fullstack development through real-world projects",
    philosophy: "Build, Break, Learn, Repeat 🔄",
    currentlyLearning: ["Java", "Python", "Bash Scripting"],
    recentMasteries: ["React", "Node.js", "Express", "Linux Workflows"]
};
```

<div align="center">

### 🎯 *"Turning ideas into reality, one commit at a time"*

</div>

---

## 🛠️ Tech Arsenal

<div align="center">

### 🎨 Frontend Mastery
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

### ⚙️ Backend & Database
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)

### 📱 Mobile & Cross-Platform
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white)

### 🔧 Currently Expanding
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

### 🐧 Linux Distros I use
![Arch Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arch%20Linux-1793D1?style=for-the-badge&logo=arch-linux&logoColor=white)
![Kali Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali%20Linux-557C94?style=for-the-badge&logo=kali-linux&logoColor=white)
![BlackArch](https://img.shields.io/badge/BlackArch-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=arch-linux&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ Favorite Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/Neovim-57A143?style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white)
![Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terminal-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnome-terminal&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📊 GitHub Analytics

<div align="center">

<img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=winzerprince&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
<img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=winzerprince&layout=compact&langs_count=8&theme=tokyonight"/>

</div>

<div align="center">

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=winzerprince&theme=tokyonight)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

</div>

---


### 🚀 Current Learning Goals

- **Java** - Building robust enterprise applications
- **Python** - Data manipulation and machine learning
- **Bash Scripting** - Linux automation and system administration
- **System Design** - Scalable architecture principles

---

## 🎸 Beyond Code

<div align="center">

| 🎵 Music & Guitar | 🧮 Mathematics | 🐧 Linux | 👥 Community |
|-------------------|----------------|------------------|---------------|
| Strumming melodies | Love 3Blue1Brown | Crafting and exploring the worl of linux | Building connections |
| Understanding effects of music | Exploring machine learning | [My Dotfiles](https://github.com/winzerprince/dotfiles) | Always something new to learn |

</div>

---

## 📈 Activity Graph

<div align="center">

[![Winzer's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=winzerprince&theme=tokyo-night)](https://github.com/winzerprince)

</div>

---

## 🏆 Achievements

<div align="center">

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=winzerprince&theme=tokyonight&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

</div>

---

## 🎯 Featured Projects

<div align="center">

[![Dotfiles](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=winzerprince&repo=dotfiles&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/winzerprince/dotfiles)
[![WriteApp](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=winzerprince&repo=dotfiles&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/winzerprince/writeapp)
*More awesome projects coming soon!* 🚀

</div>

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect

<div align="center">

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/winzerprince)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/winzerprince)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:aitajprince200@gmail.com)

### 💬 *"Always open to interesting conversations and collaboration opportunities!"*

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 🌟 Thanks for visiting! Don't forget to ⭐ some repos if you find them interesting!

![Made with ❤️](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-❤️-green?style=for-the-badge)
![Powered by ☕](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powered%20by-☕-white?style=for-the-badge)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trilokia/Trilokia/379277808c61ef204768a61bbc5d25bc7798ccf1/bottom_header.svg" />

</div>
